README.md, before:

# Checkboxland

<a href='http://www.recurse.com' title='Made with love at the Recurse Center'><img src='https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/2883345/11325206/336ea5f4-9150-11e5-9e90-d86ad31993d8.png' height='20px'/></a>

Checkboxland is a JavaScript library for rendering things as HTML checkboxes, and embedding them in a webpage.

You can use it to display animations, text, and arbitrary data. It also supports plugins, so you can build more powerful APIs on top of it.

Checkboxland is dependency-free, framework-agnostic, and fun! 🙃

**[For more details see the docs.](https://bryanbraun.com/checkboxland)**

## Setup

Install this package via npm:

```
npm install checkboxland
```

## Example

Import it into your application, and create a checkbox grid:

```
import { Checkboxland } from 'checkboxland';

const cbl = new Checkboxland({ dimensions: '8x7', selector: '#my-container' });

// Create a data representation of the heart.
const heart = [
  [0,1,1,0,0,1,1,0],
  [1,0,0,1,1,0,0,1],
  [1,0,0,0,0,0,0,1],
  [1,0,0,0,0,0,0,1],
  [0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0],
  [0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0],
  [0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0],
];

// This updates the grid with the data we provided.
cbl.setData(heart);
```

<img src="docs/img/checkbox-heart.png" style="width:115px; height:102px" alt="a grid of checkboxes displaying the shape of a heart" />

## License

MIT

Commit message:

:memo: minor README, docs, and styles updates

README.md, after:

# Checkboxland

<a href='http://www.recurse.com' title='Made with love at the Recurse Center'><img src='https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/2883345/11325206/336ea5f4-9150-11e5-9e90-d86ad31993d8.png' height='20px'/></a>

Checkboxland is a JavaScript library for rendering things as HTML checkboxes, and embedding them in a webpage.

You can use it to display animations, text, and arbitrary data. It also supports plugins, so you can build more powerful APIs on top of it.

Checkboxland is dependency-free, framework-agnostic, and fun! 🙃

**[For more details see the docs.](https://bryanbraun.com/checkboxland)**

## Setup

Install this package via npm:

```
npm install checkboxland
```

## Example

Import it into your application, and create a checkbox grid:

```
import { Checkboxland } from 'checkboxland';

const cbl = new Checkboxland({ dimensions: '8x7', selector: '#my-container' });

// Create a data representation of the heart.
const heart = [
  [0,1,1,0,0,1,1,0],
  [1,0,0,1,1,0,0,1],
  [1,0,0,0,0,0,0,1],
  [1,0,0,0,0,0,0,1],
  [0,1,0,0,0,0,1,0],
  [0,0,1,0,0,1,0,0],
  [0,0,0,1,1,0,0,0],
];

// This updates the grid with the data we provided.
cbl.setData(heart);
```

<img src="docs/img/checkbox-heart.png" style="width:115px; height:102px" alt="a grid of checkboxes displaying the shape of a heart" />

## Contributing

Checkboxland is designed to be extendable. If you want to add a feature, first ask yourself if it could be done as an external plugin.

If you contribution requires a change to the core library, follow these steps:

1. Fork/Clone the repo.
2. Make your changes on a feature branch.
3. Run the docs site locally (`npm run dev`) to confirm that the demos still work as expected.
4. Submit a Pull Request.

## License

MIT
